COMP 375 - Project 2 (Web Server)

1. Partner 1's FULL Name: Russell Gokemeijer
   Partner 1's USD Email Address: RGokemeijer@sandiego.edu
   Partner 2's FULL Name: Matthew Gloriani
   Partner 2's USD Email Address:MatthewGloriani@sandiego.edu


2. A typed copy of USD's academic integrity pledge, followed by each partners'
   typed initials (as a way of "signing the pledge.").

   The academic integrity pledge can be found on page 3 of
   the document found here: https://www.sandiego.edu/conduct/documents/HonorCode.pdf
   To be clear, it is the text that starts, "I pledge to demonstrate...".

I pledge to demonstrate personal and academic integrity in all matters with
my fellow students, the faculty, and the administration here at USD. I promise to be
honest and accountable for my actions; and to uphold the statutes of scholastic honesty
to better myself and those around me.

- Russell Gokemeijer and Matthew Gloriani

3. The estimated number of hours spent working on the project.
		- Time spent partner 1 spent working alone: 1
		- Time spent partner 2 spent working alone: 0
		- Time spent working together: 13


4. A list of missing features and/or known bugs. (Put "None if there aren't
   any.)
No known missing features or bugs.

5. Did you submit on time? (If not, it will counted as your late submission)
Well not yet but we will

6. (Optional) Any feedback you with to give me relating the project (e.g. Was it
   interesting? How could it be improved?)

I think that this project is good but is unnecessarily long. Learning C++ for
the first time in a project this long also made it more difficult. I think
that the idea of creating a server is very good for learning but some of the
extra implementaion was unnecesary. 

For example the REGEX and threads add little to the projects focus of servers.
That part maybe could be part of the starter code. My longest project before
this took maybe 5 hours and this one took 14, part of that is surely not doing
it very efficiently but it is still extreme.
